other: remove private information from repo (#100)
aruba-uxi/chart-library: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Higher level of abstraction of kubernetes objects

> - The Asimmetric chart library provides a template for deploying, web applications, workers and cronjobs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Aruba UXI chart library provides a template for deploying, web applications, workers and cronjobs
```
